---
title: 2017 AGM
start: 2017-10-03T16:30
end: 2017-10-03T17:30
type: agm
image: assets/events/2017-10-03-agm.jpg
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/events/1992942527615326/
location: K17 Seminar Room (K17-113)
---

Hi everyone,
The Security Society of UNSW will be holding their AGM soon, and you're
invited!  The AGM will take place on Tuesday 3rd October 2017, 4:30pm at
the K17 Level 1 Seminar Room. The meeting agenda will be as follows:

* Apologies and acceptance of apologies
* President's report
* Treasurer's report
* Heads' reports
* Elections on constitutional changes
* 2018 Executive Elections
    * President
    * Vice-president
    * Secretary
    * Treasurer
    * Arc Delegate
* Business without notice

The AGM is a great opportunity to have your say on how our society is
run, and hence it is important that you attend. We will be discussing
how we've performed, what we've done well, and what we could do better
next year, so your input is vital to us. We are also electing on any
proposed changes to the society constitution, as well as the executive
team for 2018. The executive will be elected by preferential voting and
will be handled by Jashank Jeremy, who will be acting as the Returning
Officer.

Our current constitution can be found on our [GitHub
repository][constitution]. If you wish to propose any changes to the
constitution, please make a pull request in the repository. If you don't
know how to make a pull request, or require assistance, please don't
hesitate to email us at <execs@unswsecurity.com>.

If you wish to be nominated, or wish to nominate someone to run for one
of the executive positions, please send in your nomination to our
Returning Officer at <elections@unswsecurity.com>. It is important that
you send in your nomination at least a week before the AGM to run for
election. This is so that the outgoing executive will have sufficient
time to prepare ballot papers for the election.

If you have any further questions about the AGM, feel free to email me
at <arc@unswsecurity.com>. We hope to see you there!

[constitution]: https://github.com/unswsecuritysociety/constitution
